chore(konvoy): add airgapped upgrade (#4551)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.1/major-version-upgrade/upgrade/prepare-air-gapped/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Prepare Air-Gapped Cluster
title: Prepare Air-Gapped Cluster

> menuWeight: 10

Reviewer: This should probably either be 5 or 15 
whether it should be before or after the "Prepare Local Environment" topic in the nav.

```suggestion
menuWeight: 15
```

Author: Totes, that makes more sense to have it pinned after the local env instructions.

                username = "${DOCKER_REGISTRY_USERNAME}"
                password = "${DOCKER_REGISTRY_PASSWORD}"
                auth = ""
                identitytoken = ""
        [plugins."io.containerd.grpc.v1.cri".x509_key_pair_streaming]
          tls_cert_file = ""
          tls_key_file = ""
      [plugins."io.containerd.internal.v1.opt"]
        path = "/opt/containerd"
      [plugins."io.containerd.internal.v1.restart"]
        interval = "10s"
      [plugins."io.containerd.metadata.v1.bolt"]
        content_sharing_policy = "shared"
      [plugins."io.containerd.monitor.v1.cgroups"]
        no_prometheus = false
      [plugins."io.containerd.runtime.v1.linux"]
        shim = "containerd-shim"
        runtime = "runc"
        runtime_root = ""
        no_shim = false
        shim_debug = false
      [plugins."io.containerd.runtime.v2.task"]
        platforms = ["linux/amd64"]
      [plugins."io.containerd.service.v1.diff-service"]
        default = ["walking"]
      [plugins."io.containerd.snapshotter.v1.devmapper"]
        root_path = ""
        pool_name = ""
        base_image_size = ""

>         ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ```
```

1.  Create a playbook to apply the config to the cluster.

    ```yaml
    cat <<EOF > registry.yaml
    ---
    - hosts: node control-plane
      any_errors_fatal: true
      name: "add wildcard registry entry"
      gather_facts: false
      become: true
      strategy: linear

      tasks:
        - name: wait 360 for target connection to become reachable
          wait_for_connection:
            timeout: 360

        - name: copy containerd config
          template:
            src: config.toml
            dest: /etc/containerd/config.toml

        - name: restart containerd
          service:
            name: containerd
            state: restarted
            enabled: true
    EOF
    ```

> 1.  Replay the current `/etc/containerd/config.toml` on the nodes.
> 
>     Run this command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Replay the current `/etc/containerd/config.toml` onto the nodes, by running this command:
```
